v0.13.0
=======

This release introduces a new ``SaliencyMetric`` interface and its first implementation ``Entropy``,
along with significant updates to documentation structure, testing framework, and dependency management.
It also includes various notebook and documentation fixes to improve usability and compatibility with Google Colab.

Updates / New Features
----------------------

Metrics and Interfaces

* Added ``SaliencyMetric`` metric interface class.
* Added ``Entropy`` metric implementation class.
* Added autodoc entry for ``SaliencyMetric`` and ``Entropy`` classes.
* Added ``sal_metric_utils.py`` script with utility functions for computing metrics.

Documentation Improvements

* Updated documentation structure to include: ``Quick Start``, ``Tutorial``, ``Explanation``,
  ``How-To``, and ``Reference``.
* Replaced ``introduction.rst`` with ``xaitk_explanation.rst`` for the new Explanation section.
* Updated ``index.rst``, ``installation.rst``, and ``README.md`` based on ``devel-jatic``.
* Updated ``implementations.rst`` to use ``autosummary``.
* Added ``xaitk_how_to_topics.rst``, ``glossary.rst``, and ``ROADMAP.md``.
* Added warning to use Poetry only in a virtual environment, and clarified ``poetry<2.0`` requirement.
* Added ``Extras`` section to ``installation.rst``.
* Added information on ``xaitk-jatic``.

Examples and Notebooks

* Created ``SwappableImplementations.ipynb`` as a How-To guide.
* Updated ``DRISE.ipynb`` and ``OcclusionSaliency.ipynb`` as official XAITK tutorials.
* Updated ``SerializedDetectionSaliency.ipynb`` to remove the exercise section.
* Moved ``examples`` directory to ``docs/examples``.
* Created titles for notebooks missing one.

Codebase and Tooling

* Converted ``perturb_image`` tests to use Surupy for image comparison.
* Added new ``ruff`` rules and updated ``pytest`` config.
* Removed ``mypy`` check and dependency.
* Removed unused ``pyyaml`` and ``shapely`` dependencies.
* Updated syntax: replaced ``Optional`` and ``Union`` with ``|`` operator and added compatibility
  import for Python < 3.10.

Fixes
-----

* Fixed outstanding issues running the notebooks in Colab.
* Corrected Google Colab links in example notebooks.
* Fixed broken notebook link formatting in ``xaitk_how_to_topics.rst``.
* Fixed various broken links in the documentation.
* Fixed ``pyright`` errors.
* Fixed broken notebooks pipeline not installing extras.
* Fixed ``pytest-core`` CI job.
