v0.3.0
======
This minor release provides updates to example notebooks, interface naming
updating for consistency, as well as added a "high level" interface for visual
saliency map generation from black-box classifiers.

Updates / New Features
----------------------

Documentation

* Add "SuperPixelSaliency" notebook to demonstrate use of arbitrary perturbation
  masks based on superpixels for saliency map generation.

* Add "VIAME_OcclusionSaliency" notebook demonstrating integration with VIAME
  toolkit based on saliency map generation for a fish classification task.

* Add "covid_classification" notebook demonstrating integration with MONAI
  based on saliency map generation for a COVID-19 X-ray classification task.

* Updated notebook demonstration for ``SimilarityScoring`` usage to better track
  the notebook structures across the repo.

* Introduce class naming philosophy in the ``CONTRIBUTING.md`` file.

* Updated notebooks to make use of ``GenerateImageClassifierBlackboxSaliency``
  interface/implementations where appropriate.

* Updated wording of the ``SuperPixelSaliency.ipynb`` notebook as to cover a
  use-case where the ``GenerateImageClassifierBlackboxSaliency`` interface API
  is not appropriate, i.e. already have masks computed.

* Added support for doc building on Windows by adding a platform check so that "make.bat" is called for and not "make html".

Interfaces

* Update ``PerturbImage`` to only output perturbation masks, dropping physical
  image perturbation output. Since this output generation was the same across
  all known implementations, that part has been split out into a utility
  function.

* Added support for positive and negative saliency values as output by the
  saliency map generation interfaces.

* Updated ``PerturbImage`` interface to take in `numpy.ndarray` as the image
  data structure.

* Added new, higher-level ``GenerateImageClassifierBlackboxSaliency`` interface
  for transforming an image and black-box classifier into visual saliency maps.

* Renamed ``ImageClassifierSaliencyMapGenerator`` interface to be
  ``GenerateClassifierConfidenceSaliency``.

* Renamed ``ImageSimilaritySaliencyMapGenerator`` interface to be
  ``GenerateDescriptorSimilaritySaliency``.

* Renamed ``ImageDetectionSaliencyMapGenerator`` interface to be
  ``GenerateDetectorProposalSaliency``.

Implementations

* Add ``RISEScoring`` implementation, with the ability to also compute a
  de-biased form of RISE with an optional input parameter.

* Add ``RISEStack`` implementation of the ``GenerateImageClassifierBlackboxSaliency``
  interface as a simple way to invoke the combination of RISE component
  algorithms.

* Add ``SlidingWindowStack`` implementation of the ``GenerateImageClassifierBlackboxSaliency``
  interface as a simple way to invoke the combination of the Sliding Window
  perturbation method and the occlusion-based based scoring method.

Misc.

* Update locked dependency versions to latest defined by abstract requirements.

Utils

* Masking

  * Added utility functions for occluded image generation that was previously
    duplicated across ``PerturbImage`` implementations. Added both batch and
    streaming versions of this utility.


Fixes
-----

Documentation

* Fixed misspelled "miscellaneous" file.

Implementations

* Fix saliency map normalization in both ``OcclusionScoring`` as well as
  ``SimilarityScoring`` to disallow cross-class pollution in the norm.

Misc.

* Fixed up module naming inconsistencies.
