v0.6.0
======
This minor release notably adds new high-level interfaces for black-box object
detector and image similarity saliency generation.
We provide some reference implementations for these interfaces, notably the
D-RISE and SBSM algorithms, respectively.

Other improvements include the addition of more examples notebooks,
improvements/fixes to existing implementations and a revision to the CLI object
detection saliency generation tool.

See below for more details.

Updates / New Features
----------------------

CI

* Added the ATARI example notebook to the list of notebooks to run during CI.

Documentation

* Update saliency algorithms table with perturbation-based saliency for reinforcement learning
  and add corresponding section to README.

* Added a lighter color version of the logo that will appear better is both
  light- and dark-theme contexts. The main README file has been updated to refer
  to this image.

* Added introductory sentence to the style sheet document.

* Updated the release process to be incrementally more comprehensive and now
  includes the specification of a ``release`` branch with better patch release
  instructions. This also now includes a step to update the version referenced
  in the xaitk.org source.

Examples

* Updated demo resource download links from Google Drive to data.kitware.com

* Added example using saliency to qualitatively compare two object detection
  models.

* Updated SimilarityScoring example to use new high-level image similarity
  saliency interface and follow new similarity interface inputs.

Interfaces

* Added new high-level interface for black-box object detector saliency,
  ``GenerateObjectDetectorBlackboxSaliency``.

* Updated image similarity interface ``GenerateDescriptorSimilaritySaliency`` to
  accept multiple query images and compute a saliency map for each one, relative
  to the reference image.

* Added new high-level interface for image similarity saliency,
  ``GenerateImageSimilarityBlackboxSaliency``.

Implementations

* Added three ``GenerateObjectDetectorBlackboxSaliency`` implementations: the
  generic ``PerturbationOcclusion``, and two usable classes ``DRISEStack``
  and ``RandomGridStack``.

* Updated behavior of the ``SlidingWindow`` ``PerturbImage`` implementation. For
  a given stride, the number of masks generated is now agnostic to the window
  size.

* Updated ``SimilarityScoring`` to return [N x H x W] instead of [1 x H x W]
  saliency heatmaps matrix. This is inline with the similarity interface update.

* Added two implementations of ``GenerateImageSimilarityBlackboxSaliency``:
  ``PerturbationOcclusion`` and ``SBSMStack``.

Misc.

* Updated `poetry-core` build backend to version `1.0.8`, which now supports
  `pip` editable installs (`pip install -e .`).

Utils

* Updated COCO utility functions to use new high-level detector interface.
  `gen_coco_sal()` is now deprecated in exchange for `parse_coco_dset()` which
  parses a `kwcoco.CocoDataset` object into the inputs used with an
  implementation of `GenerateObjectDetectorBlackboxSaliency`.

Fixes
-----

Dependency Versions

* Update pinned jupyter notebook transitive dependency version due to
  vulnerability warning.

Examples

* Fixed inconsistency of dependency package installs at the head of the
  ``examples/SerializedDetectionSaliency.ipynb`` notebook.
